{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18320\viewh17220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Applied Data Science Capstone Project
\f1\b0 \
\
The purpose of this project is to predict the severity of a car accident using data collected by Traffic Records. \
\

\f0\b Background:
\f1\b0 \
\
Automobile accidents present significant economic costs and, in some cases, bodily harm or even death.  At the same time, automobiles are critical forms of transportation for many, and accidents may appear an unavoidable risk.  While complete elimination of these risks is impossible, the purpose of this analysis is to determine the conditions that are most likely to cause accidents so that these risks can be mitigated.  Further, some accidents are more severe than others.  This analysis will analyse the conditions that contribute to increased accident severity.  \
\

\f0\b Description of the Data:
\f1\b0 \
\
The dataset consists of 194,673 observations and includes 37 predictor variables.  The dependent variable is a discrete measure of accident severity, ranging from 0 (\'93unknown\'94) to 3 (\'93fatality\'94).  The predictor variables indicate things like address, type of collision, number of persons involved, number of pedestrians involved, number of vehicles involved, whether or not the accident occurred in an intersection, driver inattention, whether the driver was under the influence of drugs or alcohol, weather conditions, road conditions, and light conditions.  \
 \
Approach to analysing the problem:\
\
The approach will be to fit a multiple logistic regression to the data to estimate accident severity using the available covariates.  Various specifications using different sets of predictors will be used to increase the model\'92s predictive power.}